README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# hardhat

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.org/tidymodels/hardhat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tidymodels/hardhat)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/tidymodels/hardhat/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tidymodels/hardhat?branch=master)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/hardhat)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=hardhat)
[![R build
status](https://github.com/tidymodels/hardhat/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tidymodels/hardhat)
<!-- badges: end -->

## Introduction

hardhat is a *developer focused* package designed to ease the creation
of new modeling packages, while simultaneously promoting good R modeling
package standards as laid out by the set of opinionated [Conventions for
R Modeling
Packages](https://tidymodels.github.io/model-implementation-principles/).

hardhat has four main goals:

  - Easily, consistently, and robustly preprocess data at fit time and
    prediction time with `mold()` and `forge()`.

  - Provide one source of truth for common input validation functions,
    such as checking if new data at prediction time contains the same
    required columns used at fit time.

  - Provide extra utility functions for additional common tasks, such as
    adding intercept columns, standardizing `predict()` output, and
    extracting valuable class and factor level information from the
    predictors.

  - Reimagine the base R preprocessing infrastructure of
    `stats::model.matrix()` and `stats::model.frame()` using the
    stricter approaches found in `model_matrix()` and `model_frame()`.

The idea is to reduce the burden of creating a good modeling interface
as much as possible, and instead let the package developer focus on
writing the core implementation of their new model. This benefits not
only the developer, but also the user of the modeling package, as the
standardization allows users to build a set of “expectations” around
what any modeling function should return, and how they should interact
with it.

## Installation

You can install the released version of hardhat from
[CRAN](https://CRAN.R-project.org) with:

``` r
install.packages("hardhat")
```

And the development version from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("tidymodels/hardhat")
```

## Vignettes

To learn about how to use hardhat, check out the vignettes:

  - `vignette("mold", "hardhat")`: Learn how to preprocess data at fit
    time with `mold()`.

  - `vignette("forge", "hardhat")`: Learn how to preprocess new data at
    prediction time with `forge()`.

  - `vignette("package", "hardhat")`: Learn how to use `mold()` and
    `forge()` to help in creating a new modeling package.

Commit message:

Add link to hardhat talk

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# hardhat

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.org/tidymodels/hardhat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tidymodels/hardhat)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/tidymodels/hardhat/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tidymodels/hardhat?branch=master)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/hardhat)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=hardhat)
[![R build
status](https://github.com/tidymodels/hardhat/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tidymodels/hardhat)
<!-- badges: end -->

## Introduction

hardhat is a *developer focused* package designed to ease the creation
of new modeling packages, while simultaneously promoting good R modeling
package standards as laid out by the set of opinionated [Conventions for
R Modeling
Packages](https://tidymodels.github.io/model-implementation-principles/).

hardhat has four main goals:

  - Easily, consistently, and robustly preprocess data at fit time and
    prediction time with `mold()` and `forge()`.

  - Provide one source of truth for common input validation functions,
    such as checking if new data at prediction time contains the same
    required columns used at fit time.

  - Provide extra utility functions for additional common tasks, such as
    adding intercept columns, standardizing `predict()` output, and
    extracting valuable class and factor level information from the
    predictors.

  - Reimagine the base R preprocessing infrastructure of
    `stats::model.matrix()` and `stats::model.frame()` using the
    stricter approaches found in `model_matrix()` and `model_frame()`.

The idea is to reduce the burden of creating a good modeling interface
as much as possible, and instead let the package developer focus on
writing the core implementation of their new model. This benefits not
only the developer, but also the user of the modeling package, as the
standardization allows users to build a set of “expectations” around
what any modeling function should return, and how they should interact
with it.

## Installation

You can install the released version of hardhat from
[CRAN](https://CRAN.R-project.org) with:

``` r
install.packages("hardhat")
```

And the development version from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("tidymodels/hardhat")
```

## Learning more

To learn about how to use hardhat, check out the vignettes:

  - `vignette("mold", "hardhat")`: Learn how to preprocess data at fit
    time with `mold()`.

  - `vignette("forge", "hardhat")`: Learn how to preprocess new data at
    prediction time with `forge()`.

  - `vignette("package", "hardhat")`: Learn how to use `mold()` and
    `forge()` to help in creating a new modeling package.

You can also watch [Max Kuhn](https://github.com/topepo) discuss how to
use hardhat to build a new modeling package from scratch at the XI
Jornadas de Usuarios de R conference
[here](https://canal.uned.es/video/5dd25b9f5578f275e407dd88).

[![](https://i.imgur.com/XKIZfWd.png)](https://canal.uned.es/video/5dd25b9f5578f275e407dd88)
