tests/testthat/_snaps/forge-formula.md, before:

# asking for the outcome when it isn't there fails

    Code
      forge(example_train2, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "fac_1" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train2, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "fac_1" is missing.

# new_data can only be a data frame / matrix

    Code
      forge("hi", x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! No `forge()` method provided for a string.

---

    Code
      forge("hi", x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! No `forge()` method provided for a string.

# missing predictor columns fail appropriately

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 1, drop = FALSE], x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "num_2" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 1, drop = FALSE], x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "num_2" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 3, drop = FALSE], x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required columns "num_1" and "num_2" are missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 3, drop = FALSE], x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required columns "num_1" and "num_2" are missing.

# novel predictor levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx3 <- forge(new_multiple, x3$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel levels found in column "f": "e" and "f".
      i The levels have been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# novel predictor levels can be ignored

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

# novel levels are handled correctly when the new column is a character

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# novel levels are ignored correctly when the new column is a character

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

# novel outcome levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# novel outcome levels are always caught, even if `allow_novel_levels = TRUE`

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# missing predictor levels are restored silently

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

---

    Code
      yy1 <- forge(new2, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      yy2 <- forge(new2, x2$blueprint)

# can be both missing levels and have new levels

    Code
      mold(y ~ f, dat, blueprint = bp2)
    Condition
      Error in `recompose()`:
      ! `data` must only contain numeric columns.
      i This column isn't numeric: "f".

---

    Code
      mold(y ~ f + f_2, dat_2f, blueprint = bp2)
    Condition
      Error in `recompose()`:
      ! `data` must only contain numeric columns.
      i These columns aren't numeric: "f" and "f_2".

---

    Code
      xx <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# can be both missing levels and have new levels that get ignored

    Code
      xx <- forge(new, x$blueprint)

# `NA` factor data never triggers a novel level warning (#131)

    Code
      xx <- forge(new, x$blueprint)

# `allow_novel_levels` works right with character predictors

    Code
      out <- forge(df2, x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "x": "d".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

Commit message:

pass call to `validate_column_names()`
`forge()` errors in `validate_column_names()` but call should show the user-facing function, i.e., `forge()`

Going _up_ the call stack
- `validate_column_names()` throws the error
- `shrink()`: exported but we do want forge to bubble up outside of hardhat
- `forge_*_default_clean()`
- `run_forge()` methods for blueprints

tests/testthat/_snaps/forge-formula.md, after:

# asking for the outcome when it isn't there fails

    Code
      forge(example_train2, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "fac_1" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train2, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "fac_1" is missing.

# new_data can only be a data frame / matrix

    Code
      forge("hi", x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! No `forge()` method provided for a string.

---

    Code
      forge("hi", x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! No `forge()` method provided for a string.

# missing predictor columns fail appropriately

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 1, drop = FALSE], x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "num_2" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 1, drop = FALSE], x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "num_2" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 3, drop = FALSE], x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required columns "num_1" and "num_2" are missing.

---

    Code
      forge(example_train[, 3, drop = FALSE], x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required columns "num_1" and "num_2" are missing.

# novel predictor levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx3 <- forge(new_multiple, x3$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel levels found in column "f": "e" and "f".
      i The levels have been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# novel predictor levels can be ignored

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

# novel levels are handled correctly when the new column is a character

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# novel levels are ignored correctly when the new column is a character

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

# novel outcome levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# novel outcome levels are always caught, even if `allow_novel_levels = TRUE`

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# missing predictor levels are restored silently

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

---

    Code
      yy1 <- forge(new2, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      yy2 <- forge(new2, x2$blueprint)

# can be both missing levels and have new levels

    Code
      mold(y ~ f, dat, blueprint = bp2)
    Condition
      Error in `recompose()`:
      ! `data` must only contain numeric columns.
      i This column isn't numeric: "f".

---

    Code
      mold(y ~ f + f_2, dat_2f, blueprint = bp2)
    Condition
      Error in `recompose()`:
      ! `data` must only contain numeric columns.
      i These columns aren't numeric: "f" and "f_2".

---

    Code
      xx <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# can be both missing levels and have new levels that get ignored

    Code
      xx <- forge(new, x$blueprint)

# `NA` factor data never triggers a novel level warning (#131)

    Code
      xx <- forge(new, x$blueprint)

# `allow_novel_levels` works right with character predictors

    Code
      out <- forge(df2, x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "x": "d".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.
