tests/testthat/_snaps/forge-recipe.md, before:

# asking for the outcome when it isn't there fails

    Code
      forge(iris2, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "Species" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(iris2, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "Species" is missing.

# missing predictor columns fail appropriately

    Code
      forge(iris[, 1, drop = FALSE], x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "Sepal.Width" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(iris[, 3, drop = FALSE], x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required columns "Sepal.Length" and "Sepal.Width" are missing.

# novel predictor levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.
      Warning:
      ! There are new levels in `f`: NA.
      i Consider using step_unknown() (`?recipes::step_unknown()`) before `step_dummy()` to handle missing values.

# novel predictor levels can be ignored and handled by recipes

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx3 <- forge(new, x3$blueprint)

# novel outcome levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# `forge()` will error if required non standard roles are missing

    Code
      forge(iris, x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "Sepal.Width" is missing.

# `NA` roles are treated as extra roles that are required at `forge()` time

    Code
      forge(iris, x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "Petal.Length" is missing.

# `forge()` is compatible with hardhat 0.2.0 molded blueprints with a basic recipe

    Code
      forge(new_data, blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "x" is missing.

# `forge()` is compatible with hardhat 0.2.0 molded blueprints with a recipe with a nonstandard role

    Code
      forge(new_data, blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `validate_column_names()`:
      ! The required column "id" is missing.

Commit message:

pass call to `validate_column_names()`
`forge()` errors in `validate_column_names()` but call should show the user-facing function, i.e., `forge()`

Going _up_ the call stack
- `validate_column_names()` throws the error
- `shrink()`: exported but we do want forge to bubble up outside of hardhat
- `forge_*_default_clean()`
- `run_forge()` methods for blueprints

tests/testthat/_snaps/forge-recipe.md, after:

# asking for the outcome when it isn't there fails

    Code
      forge(iris2, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "Species" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(iris2, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "Species" is missing.

# missing predictor columns fail appropriately

    Code
      forge(iris[, 1, drop = FALSE], x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "Sepal.Width" is missing.

---

    Code
      forge(iris[, 3, drop = FALSE], x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required columns "Sepal.Length" and "Sepal.Width" are missing.

# novel predictor levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.
      Warning:
      ! There are new levels in `f`: NA.
      i Consider using step_unknown() (`?recipes::step_unknown()`) before `step_dummy()` to handle missing values.

# novel predictor levels can be ignored and handled by recipes

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint)

---

    Code
      xx3 <- forge(new, x3$blueprint)

# novel outcome levels are caught

    Code
      xx1 <- forge(new, x1$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

---

    Code
      xx2 <- forge(new, x2$blueprint, outcomes = TRUE)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Novel level found in column "f": "e".
      i The level has been removed, and values have been coerced to <NA>.

# `forge()` will error if required non standard roles are missing

    Code
      forge(iris, x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "Sepal.Width" is missing.

# `NA` roles are treated as extra roles that are required at `forge()` time

    Code
      forge(iris, x$blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "Petal.Length" is missing.

# `forge()` is compatible with hardhat 0.2.0 molded blueprints with a basic recipe

    Code
      forge(new_data, blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "x" is missing.

# `forge()` is compatible with hardhat 0.2.0 molded blueprints with a recipe with a nonstandard role

    Code
      forge(new_data, blueprint)
    Condition
      Error in `forge()`:
      ! The required column "id" is missing.
