tests/testthat/_snaps/quantile-pred.md, before:

# quantile_pred error types

    Code
      quantile_pred(1:10, 1:4 / 5)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `values` must be a <matrix>, not an integer vector.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), -1:4 / 5)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` must be a number between 0 and 1, not the number -0.2.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), 1:5 / 6)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! The number of columns in `values` must be equal to the length of `quantile_levels`.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), 4:1 / 5)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` must be sorted in increasing order.

# quantile levels are checked

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = NULL)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` cannot be "NULL".

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = c(0.7, 0.7, 0.7))
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! Quantile levels should be unique.
      i The following value was repeated: 0.7.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = c(rep(0.7, 2), rep(0.8, 3)))
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! Quantile levels should be unique.
      i The following values were repeated: 0.7 and 0.8.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = c(0.8, 0.7))
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` must be sorted in increasing order.

# extract_quantile_levels

    Code
      extract_quantile_levels(1:10)
    Condition
      Error in `extract_quantile_levels()`:
      ! `x` should have class <quantile_pred>.

# quantile_pred formatting

    Code
      v
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1] [8.5]  [9.5]  [10.5] [11.5] [12.5]
      # Quantile levels: 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:18, 9), c(1 / 3, 2 / 3))
    Output
      <quantiles[9]>
      [1] [5.5]  [6.5]  [7.5]  [8.5]  [9.5]  [10.5] [11.5] [12.5] [13.5]
      # Quantile levels: 0.333 0.667 

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(seq(0.01, 1 - 0.01, length.out = 6), 3), c(0.2, 0.8))
    Output
      <quantiles[3]>
      [1] [0.304] [0.5]   [0.696]
      # Quantile levels: 0.2 0.8 

---

    Code
      tibble(qntls = v)
    Output
      # A tibble: 5 x 1
            qntls
        <qtls(4)>
      1     [8.5]
      2     [9.5]
      3    [10.5]
      4    [11.5]
      5    [12.5]

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(m, 1:4 / 5)
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1] [8.5]  [9.5]  [10.5] [11.5] [12.5]
      # Quantile levels: 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 

---

    Code
      one_quantile
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1] 1 2 3 4 5
      # Quantile level: 0.556 

---

    Code
      tibble(qntls = one_quantile)
    Output
      # A tibble: 5 x 1
           qntls
        <qtl(1)>
      1        1
      2        2
      3        3
      4        4
      5        5

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(m, 5 / 9)
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1]  1 NA  3  4  5
      # Quantile level: 0.556 

---

    Code
      format(v)
    Output
      [1] "[1.72]"  "[0.568]" "[1.24]"  "[2.21]"  "[0.767]"

---

    Code
      format(v, digits = 5)
    Output
      [1] "[1.7154]"  "[0.56784]" "[1.2393]"  "[2.2062]"  "[0.76714]"

Commit message:

"must" instead of "should"
- since we error, it really must
- "must" is also what the rlang type checkers use

tests/testthat/_snaps/quantile-pred.md, after:

# quantile_pred error types

    Code
      quantile_pred(1:10, 1:4 / 5)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `values` must be a <matrix>, not an integer vector.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), -1:4 / 5)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` must be a number between 0 and 1, not the number -0.2.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), 1:5 / 6)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! The number of columns in `values` must be equal to the length of `quantile_levels`.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), 4:1 / 5)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` must be sorted in increasing order.

# quantile levels are checked

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = NULL)
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` cannot be "NULL".

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = c(0.7, 0.7, 0.7))
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! Quantile levels must be unique.
      i The following value was repeated: 0.7.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = c(rep(0.7, 2), rep(0.8, 3)))
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! Quantile levels must be unique.
      i The following values were repeated: 0.7 and 0.8.

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:20, 5), quantile_levels = c(0.8, 0.7))
    Condition
      Error in `quantile_pred()`:
      ! `quantile_levels` must be sorted in increasing order.

# extract_quantile_levels

    Code
      extract_quantile_levels(1:10)
    Condition
      Error in `extract_quantile_levels()`:
      ! `x` must be a <quantile_pred> object, not an integer vector.

# quantile_pred formatting

    Code
      v
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1] [8.5]  [9.5]  [10.5] [11.5] [12.5]
      # Quantile levels: 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(1:18, 9), c(1 / 3, 2 / 3))
    Output
      <quantiles[9]>
      [1] [5.5]  [6.5]  [7.5]  [8.5]  [9.5]  [10.5] [11.5] [12.5] [13.5]
      # Quantile levels: 0.333 0.667 

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(matrix(seq(0.01, 1 - 0.01, length.out = 6), 3), c(0.2, 0.8))
    Output
      <quantiles[3]>
      [1] [0.304] [0.5]   [0.696]
      # Quantile levels: 0.2 0.8 

---

    Code
      tibble(qntls = v)
    Output
      # A tibble: 5 x 1
            qntls
        <qtls(4)>
      1     [8.5]
      2     [9.5]
      3    [10.5]
      4    [11.5]
      5    [12.5]

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(m, 1:4 / 5)
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1] [8.5]  [9.5]  [10.5] [11.5] [12.5]
      # Quantile levels: 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 

---

    Code
      one_quantile
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1] 1 2 3 4 5
      # Quantile level: 0.556 

---

    Code
      tibble(qntls = one_quantile)
    Output
      # A tibble: 5 x 1
           qntls
        <qtl(1)>
      1        1
      2        2
      3        3
      4        4
      5        5

---

    Code
      quantile_pred(m, 5 / 9)
    Output
      <quantiles[5]>
      [1]  1 NA  3  4  5
      # Quantile level: 0.556 

---

    Code
      format(v)
    Output
      [1] "[1.72]"  "[0.568]" "[1.24]"  "[2.21]"  "[0.767]"

---

    Code
      format(v, digits = 5)
    Output
      [1] "[1.7154]"  "[0.56784]" "[1.2393]"  "[2.2062]"  "[0.76714]"
